# AceMicro Accelerator

This Spring Boot application was generated by AceMicro accelerator. The generated code is compliance with Spring Boot 2.4.5
and JDK 1.8. It uses Spring Boot JPA with Hibernate for Data access layer.

## Features/Capabilities in the auto generated code:

### Supports CRUD operations.
### Creates H2 Database (in-memory) at runtime.
### Generates scripts for creating database & tables to support MySQL/PostgreSQL database.
### Generates configurations for MySQL/PostgreSQL to enable communication with Application.
### Generates Jenkins and Docker files to support/enable Auto DevOps.  
### Provision to use Log4j.
###	Supports Audit Trail operations which logs the user details and timestamp in PostgreSQL database.
###	Supports logging of unique transaction ID in console as well as log file.
###	Supports logging of user ID in console as well as log file.
###	Supports Integration Microservice creation which act as a bridge service between Client app and core Microservice.
###	Supports custom exception handler classes.
###	Supports pagination for GetAll operation.
###	Supports JWT authentication security for CRUD operations.
### Command to create keystore file using Java keytool for JWT authentication: 

### keytool -genkey -alias <aliasname> -keyalg RSA -keystore <keystorefilename>.jks -keysize 2048
### Example:
### keytool -genkey -alias jwtsigning -keyalg RSA -keystore jwtkeystore.jks -keysize 2048
### After generating the file, place it under \src\main\resources\keys 
